feat(minecraft): rework (#959)
moeru-ai/airi: services/minecraft/codex-skills/minecraft-debug-mcp/SKILL.md

---
name: minecraft-debug-mcp
description: Operate and debug the live Minecraft bot through its built-in MCP REPL server. Use when work requires starting the bot with `pnpm dev`, connecting to the local MCP endpoint, inspecting cognitive state/logs/history, injecting synthetic chat/events, or running targeted REPL code against the running brain during investigation and development.
---

# Minecraft Debug MCP

## Overview

Use this skill to run the local bot and interact with its MCP debug interface safely and quickly.

## Quick Start Workflow

> 1. Run `pnpm dev` from `/Users/rinshinohara/Repo/airi/services/minecraft` and keep it running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `pnpm dev` from `/path/to/project/root/services/minecraft` and keep it running.
```
